it's going on is Tyson an ID of hockey
and right now we're at bowers
headquarters in New Hampshire i'm
joining here with evan Baker Baraka line
manager for hockey sticks he's going to
give us a little bit of insight on the
Supreme line now we know Supremes design
for that power player what new features
can we see with this new supreme so
total one nxg will be coming in
September of 2012 and our goal was to
take the performance attributes of
supreme total one and enhance them
similar to what we did with x 62 apex so
you're still going to have that square
shaft shape that you expect from supreme
you'll still have that tax Barroso both
of those are going to give you secure
grip so when you take that big powerful
slap shot or one-timer you're going to
have a good hold of the shaft it will
continue to use our amplified mid kick
which is what gives you that explosive
release on those slap shots and one
timers but there's two main things that
we wanted to do to help bring total one
kind of to the next level the one is the
same not sexy story we talked about with
Apex it's all about creating a better
performing product from the inside out
so by utilizing our last tech resin
system which is going to help improve
the overall durability of the product
but it will also give it some feel so
improving the feel on a stick that
already feels so good and that's kind of
what has helped supreme do so well in
the marketplace the other thing we've
done is taken that patented blade
technology from apex and bring it in to
total one so you'll get great blade feel
but a lighter blade with better balance
so nxg is kind of is going to be
everything that you expect from it from
a supreme stick with even better
enhancements to make it a better
performing product a compliment to the
line something that we've added in with
FEI / apex we added at 7.0 which was a
true one piece elite 3k carbon fiber
stick to kind of replace x 60 well for
those of those for those consumers that
have been asking us for a 195 our
supreme 1.9 is essentially just that
it's a 3k mono comp stick with a 195 or
the total one blade available to
consumers and senior
intermediate junior for those kids who
are a little bit maybe more
budget-conscious or just really like the
way that 195 plate you're going to get
that experience in there and then we'll
have a complimentary of line of sticks
to to kind of really hit any price point
and give any consumer the opportunity to
buy a supreme stick so you'll see you'll
see sticks that will spend and anywhere
from you know $59 all the way to 249 so
great now for more information on each
of the sticks in the supreme line be
sure to check out our product review
videos but once again this is Evan my
name is Tyson and all the bauer supreme
stakes are available at inline nice
warehouse